# Changes in 1.1.0


## Breaking changes
  

## New features

* Added support for new `configureAutoTuning` method on NC and LP pipelines.
* Added support for providing ranges as length two tuples to `addLogisticRegression` and `addRandomForest`.
* Added new method `auto_tuning_config` to NC and LP pipelines for querying a pipelines auto-tuning config.
* Added support for new GDS library 2.1 signature of gds.graph.removeNodeProperties.
* Added support for new function `gds.close` which calls `.close()` on a `GraphDataScience` object's underlying Neo4j driver.
* Added new method `gds.alpha.graph.construct` to construct a GDS graph from pandas `DataFrame`s, which works if the GDS Flight server is enabled.
* Added new function `gds.database` which can be used to see which database is currently being targeted.
* Added support for new `nodeRegression` pipelines.
* Added the following new convenience methods to the `Graph` object:
  * `node_labels` which returns a list of the node labels in the graph,
  * `relationship_types` which returns a list of the relationship types in the graph,
  * `database` which returns the name of the database the graph was projected onto,
  * `configuration` which returns the configuration used to create the graph,
  * `creation_time` which returns time when the graph was created,
  * `modification_time` which returns time when the graph was last modified.


## Bug fixes


## Improvements

* The functions `gds.graph.streamNodeProperty`, `gds.graph.streamNodeProperties`, `gds.graph.streamRelationshipProperty` and `gds.graph.streamRelationshipProperties` can leverage the Arrow Flight server of GDS to improve throughput.
* The calls to `gds.graph.streamNodeProperties` and `gds.graph.streamRelationshipProperties` can now return data in an improved format.
  * By setting `separate_property_columns` to `True` the return format will be `nodeId, property1, property2, ...` and `sourceNodeId, targetNodeId, relationshipType, property1, property2, ...`.
* Improved error message of `gds.graph.get` to include currently targeted database if graph not found.
* Added inline progress bar for project and algorithm procedures with adequate server logging support.
* The `drop` convenience method on graph, model and pipeline objects now accepts optional parameter `failIfMissing` which defaults to `False`.
* The `drop` convenience method on graph, model and pipeline objects now returns what is yielded from the underlying call to the server.


## Other changes
